# October 3, 2019

Hello!

Today's Tasks:

1. Closing the book on Quote Chat
2. Finishing the Many-Faced God
3. Starting new projects
4. Next week and onwards

## Quote Chat

All that needs to be done here is ensure that messages are sent with the correct name, and then writing a nice README with some nice pictures. I'll own adding more scripts to the database in the future.

It would _also_ be nice to have a short writeup of what's it's like to develop a Slack app.

## Many-Faced God

I'd like to get the new images shown on the page at the end of the day. I can _then_ take on setting the project up to be deployed myself on a different day, and anyone who wants to be part of that process is welcome to join me.

## Nimbus UI

This will be an ongoing project. There are a couple components that I think would be nice for us to have built. I'll be adding more issues to this over time, and we'll make an effort to use this library in our future projects.

To take on today, or soon:

- tooltips
- collapse
- progress bars (standard and circular)
- drawers (see Ant Design)

## Speak2Click - Vincent

Chrome extension that lets you speak to click on anchor tags on a webpage. Should be a fun project! I can give you a rundown of what working on this is going to look like. No prior experience with Chrome extensions necessary!

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechRecognition/start

## Learn + Teach Docker - Nick

Are you feeling adventurous? I don't know very much about Docker, but I would like to. From what I've learned, it would be a valuable thing to integrate into our dev workflow in the lab to fix/avoid issues like having the correct Python versions, software like ImageMagick, etc.

There's a fantastic "Getting Started" tutorial on the Docker website, and it would be great to have someone take a look through that and then share your learnings with the rest of the group (or just me, if you're nervous).

## Big Project: Fedeliver

I have an idea for a decentralized platform for gig-economy style projects. This is made up of _many_ components, and I'm still thinking through how to build it. There will likely _not_ be any coding on this today but rather a bunch of brainstorming, researching, writing user stories, and wireframing.  

## Open Invitations

Starting next week, I'll be inviting grads to come in and lead projects. They'll be able to either take on projects that I've already outlined or pitch their own projects.

## Tech we want to use

- start projects based on tech that we're interested
